Python : How to overcome from EOF Error in Compititve programming.... #7806 (#7842)
girlscript/winter-of-contributing: Competitive_Programming/Python/EOF Error/EOF Error.md

> # Python : How to overcome from EOF Error in Compititve programming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to overcome EOF Error in Competitive Programming
```

  
- Another possible case to encounter EOF is, when we want to take *some* number of inputs from user i.e., we do not know the exact number of inputs; hence we run an infinite loop for accepting inputs as below, and get a Traceback Error at the very last iteration of our infinite loop because user does not give any input at that iteration

```
n=int(input())
if(n>=1 and n<=10**5):
    phone_book={}
    for i in range(n):
        feed=input()
        phone_book[feed.split()[0]]=feed.split()[1]
    while True:
        name=input()
        if name in phone_book.keys():
            print(name,end="")
            print("=",end="")
            print(phone_book[name])
        else:
            print("Not found")
```

The code above gives **EOFError** because the input statement inside `while` loop raises an exception at last iteration

> Do not worry if you don't understand the code or don't get context of the code, its just a solution of one of the problem statements on HackerRank 30 days of code challenge which you might want to [check](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/30-dictionaries-and-maps/problem)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note : Do not worry if you don't understand the code or don't get the context of the code, its just a solution of one of the problem statements on HackerRank 30 days of code challenge which you might want to [check](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/30-dictionaries-and-maps/problem)
```
